Hello.
Welcome welcome.
In this lecture we're going to implement the solution to the previous challenge which was implementing
a strategy interface mainly performing mathematical operations.
Let's go ahead and bring this idea up our intelligence a idea which is really useful and awesome right.
We're going to create a new project that's gonna be called the strategy solution and the first thing
we'll probably do is Pi create our strategy interface which we'll just have one method in it which is
the perform operation.
So we're gonna name this strategy solution
all right.
So let's say new Java class we're gonna name this our strategy interface strategy and like I said it
just has one method it's gonna have a public and perform operation.
It's gonna take two numbers num 1 and 2 Very nice.
The concrete strategy classes that we have to implement there's gonna be three of them one for adding
subtracting and multiplying.
And so the first one is gonna be class operation add implements of strategy.
You can override or perform operation.
So it's gonna be public and perform operation and the implementation is gonna be very very straightforward.
We're just gonna add two numbers together.
So here we're gonna just say return num 1 plus number 2.
And that's really how all of our Cockney classes are gonna look like very similar just performing different
operations not equals plus.
And so wi fi go out and copy paste this for efficiency you know we're gonna need two of them.
And again one is gonna be subtract and one will be multiply operations tracked is just gonna be number
one minus num to Operation multiply
is just gonna be multiplication.
Very very straightforward.
The next thing we need to do is we need to create our context.
So we're gonna say new Java class context
just like we're going to implement our contacts.
So that strategy is passed to it.
So we don't need anything in really in here other than a simple method that takes a strategy object
in the two numbers that it needs to execute the strategy.
Right.
We don't need a reference to a strategy we don't need a constructor.
So what we're gonna do is we're just gonna say public and execute strategy and this is gonna take a
strategy object.
We're gonna have it take the route the interface will strategy
and then we're gonna have to take our numbers number one and number two.
And then this is just gonna be a pass through it's going to return strategy dot perform operation Number
One Number Two and very clean.
Nice implementation.
Last thing we need to do is create the client.
We're going to say new Java class or to call this one client.
And this is gonna need to have a main method.
This is gonna use the context to see the change in behavior when it changes the strategy.
So public static void main String args we'll create our context and we'll just name it context.
So in new context and in this case the context is going to take remember the context doesn't have a
constructor so it's going to not take anything to the constructor.
You say new context and then we can pretty much do our print our output why we execute strategy.
So we're gonna say system that out up front line and we're going to say actually probably yeah we'll
start in a local variable.
So what's the end result equals context dot excuse strategy.
And here we'll say new operation add as our first parameter and then we're gonna say 10 and 5 has our
other parameters and then we can just print out the result.
We can say with some context we could say 10 plus five equals plus result just like that and then you'll
notice if we change strategies by changing what we pass to the excuse strategy method we'll see different
results.
So let's go ahead and copy and paste this to check our other strategies.
And in this one instead of Operation ad we'll do operation multiple operations tracked and then we'll
use the same variable.
So just something like that and we'll make sure that we have the right output do the same for multiply
instead of creating an operation add we'll create an operation multiply class for strategy and then
here would be ten times five.
Now we try to build this and run it and you'll see different strategies being run at runtime with different
results
and we say run client Main and we see 10 plus 5 15 10 minus five equals five 10 times five equals 50.
Very straightforward nice implementation clean plantation not a huge huge problem but a nice implementation
that demonstrates a strategy design pattern.
Please let me know if you have any questions the Q and A thank you.